docs: release documentation for 1.2 (#14572)
apache/superset: RELEASING/release-notes-1-2/README.md

![pivot table](media/pivot_table_v2.png)

A number of UI tweaks in explore and sql lab made it into this release as well, including new buttons and menu options to make common workflows easier, as well as more communicative error messages, particularly in the database connection menus.

The dashboard native filter feature, [while still behind a feature flag in this release](https://github.com/apache/superset/blob/master/RELEASING/release-notes-1-0/README.md#feature-flags), has received plenty of new functionality and is closer than ever to being ready for prime-time. This feature provides a way to apply and manipulate filters over many charts at the dashboard level. 1.2 adds more controls, more options for aggregations, and better support for temporal filters, among other things.

![Native Filter](media/native_filters.png)

![Native Filter](media/native_filters_temporal.png)

Last but not least, the alerts and reports feature and its dependencies have been added to the [docker-compose](https://superset.apache.org/docs/installation/installing-superset-using-docker-compose) setup, making it easier to use outside of well-supported enterprise deployments.

# Dashboard Level Security

> Superset has so far relied on a role based access system implemented at the dataset level. While this provides granular security options that satisfy many use cases, some organizations need more options. [SIP-51](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/10408) lays out a vision for dashboard level role based access control as a fully backwards compatible extension to Superset's security options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Superset has so far relied on a role-based access system implemented at the dataset level. While this provides granular security options that satisfy many use cases, some organizations need more options. [SIP-51](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/10408) lays out a vision for dashboard-level role-based access control as a fully backwards compatible extension to Superset's security options.
```

The 1.1 release saw steps taken in the direction of this vision, and 1.2 builds on that with new permissions for sharing charts and dashboards that can be assigned to roles. **Note that this functionality is still experimental and hidden behind a feature flag as of 1.2.**

![dashboard rbac](media/dashboard_rbac.png)

# Database Connectivity
The 1.2 release adds support for [Crate DB](https://github.com/apache/superset/pull/13152) and the [Databricks DB](https://github.com/apache/superset/pull/13682) engine spec.

# Developer Experience

> Expanding the API has been an ongoing effort, and 1.2 introduces a number of new API routes to allow developers to get available databases, get a given dashboard's charts, and import saved queries, among other things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expanding the API has been an ongoing effort, and 1.2 introduces several new API routes to allow developers to get available databases, get a given dashboard's charts, and import saved queries, among other things.
```
